README.md, before:

IRMA keyshare webclient
======================

This project contains the web interface to interact with the [irmago MyIRMA backend server](https://github.com/privacybydesign/irmago/tree/master/server/keyshare/myirmaserver). In particular it allows users to

 * edit the email addresses that are linked to the account;
 * inspect a log of recent actions; and
 * disable the user's IRMA app.

Instructions on how to run the MyIRMA backend server can be found in the [irmago README](https://github.com/privacybydesign/irmago#running).

## Running
In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Docs: add running instructions on how to circumvent CORS issues

README.md, after:

IRMA keyshare webclient
======================

This project contains the web interface to interact with the [irmago MyIRMA backend server](https://github.com/privacybydesign/irmago/tree/master/server/keyshare/myirmaserver). In particular it allows users to

 * edit the email addresses that are linked to the account;
 * inspect a log of recent actions; and
 * disable the user's IRMA app.

Instructions on how to run the MyIRMA backend server can be found in the [irmago README](https://github.com/privacybydesign/irmago#running).

## Running
In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

If you want your local React app to communicate with the MyIRMA backend, then you will face CORS issues in your browser.
Even if you use a local setup, the MyIRMA backend server will use another port to host its endpoints on.
You can either resolve this by running your browser in insecure mode, or you can check the running instructions for
a combined local setup [below](#yarn-build).

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

After you ran `yarn build`, you can easily test the React app in the following way using Docker and Go:

1. Clone the [irmago project](https://github.com/privacybydesign/irmago) and go to this directory in a shell
2. Run `docker-compose up -d` and wait until all services are running
3. Run `go install ./irma`
4. Run `irma keyshare myirmaserver --static-path /path/to/irma_keyshare_webclient/build -c ./testdata/configurations/myirmaserver.yml`
5. Open [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081) to view it in the browser.

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
